A call to sponsor the Perl Toolchain Summit (#422)
perladvent/perldotcom: content/article/the-perl-toolchain-summit-2025-needs-you.md

employer (which we list as in-kind sponsors, alongside our financial
sponsors).

Our budget for 2025 is of 25,000 €: that is our financial sponsoring
target, as well as the amount we expect to pay directly to various
suppliers. The rest is covered by in-kind sponsors or the attendees
themslves.

## Our sponsors

Here's our current list of confirmed sponsors for the Perl Toolchain
Summit 2025. (We're currently in discussion with other sponsors, but
nothing has been confirmed yet.)

### Financial Sponsors

These sponsors simply wire some money to [Les Mongueurs de
Perl](https://www.mongueurs.net/), the French non-profit that
handles the organization of the event (they get an invoice in
return), and expect the organizers to spend it on PTS expenses
(see above).

Any money left over is used to kickstart the budget for the event the
following year, as is our tradition since 2011.

#### Gold Sponsors

* [cPanel, Inc](https://cpanel.net/)

#### Silver sponsors

* [CosmoShop](https://www.cosmoshop.de/)
* [Datensegler](https://datensegler.at/)
* [SUSE](https://www.suse.com/)

#### Bronze sponsors

* [Simplelists Ltd](https://www.simplelists.com/),

> * [Ctrl O Ltd](https://www.ctrlo.com/),

Reviewer: The trailing comma seems like a typo here, making the list style inconsistent with the majority of other list elements.

> * one invidual who wishes to remain anonymous

Reviewer: `invidual` seems like a typo instead of `individual`

have had difficulty reaching our fundraising targets for the
[Perl Toolchain Summit](https://perltoolchainsummit.org/pts2025/).

[In the words of Ricardo Signes](https://rjbs.cloud/blog/2024/05/pts-2024-lisbon/):
> The Perl Toolchain Summit is one of the most important events in the
> year for Perl. A lot of key projects have folks get together to get
> things done.

Everyone who is *invited* to the Summit is a project leader or important
contributor that is going to give their time and expertise for four
days, to move the Perl toolchain forward. They give their time
(sometimes having to take days off work, which is already a loss of
income or holidays for them).

This is why, since 2011, we've done our best to *at least partially
refund* their travel and accommodation expenses when needed. Everyone
who's attending the PTS should really *only* have to give four days of
their life for it.

If the PTS can't support its participants, then more and more of them
are going have to either decline our invitation, or spend their own
money, in addition to their time, to continue supporting the Perl
Toolchain.

**This is bad for Perl and CPAN.**

> Perl is not like Java or Go: it doesn't have a large corporation behind
> it. It's entirely supported by the community and its corporate sponsors.
> In others words, by you.

Reviewer: While I see some value in specifically naming other programming languages (because readers may have familiarity with how these communities organize their funding, and because leveling with those technologies), I also suggest considering to use a wording without mentioning other tech. For example:

```suggestion
Perl differs from other programming languages which have large corporations
funding their development: it's entirely supported by the community and its sponsors. In other words, by you.
```

ps.: also fixing the possible `s/others/other/` typo.
